#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e file:.#egg=ocdsextensionexplorer
    # via -r requirements.in
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
attrs==19.3.0
    # via markdown-it-py
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   sphinx
certifi==2019.9.11
    # via requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via flask
docutils==0.15.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
flask==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
    #   frozen-flask
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-env==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozen-flask==0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via requests
ijson==2.5.1
    # via ocdskit
imagesize==1.1.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   mdformat
    #   sphinx
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
lxml==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mdformat
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   ocds-babel
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mdformat==0.7.14
    # via ocds-babel
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.0
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.0
    # via markdown-it-py
myst-parser==0.17.0
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
ocds-babel[markdown]==0.3.5
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
ocdsextensionregistry[cli]==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdskit
ocdskit==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ocdsmerge==0.6.4
    # via ocdskit
packaging==19.2
    # via sphinx
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==2.4.5
    # via packaging
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   myst-parser
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
    #   sphinx
requests-cache==0.5.2
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
six==1.11.0
    # via packaging
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via mdformat
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via myst-parser
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
werkzeug==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
